NEBULA-2011: add `hideCookieToggle` option and deprecate `includeCookies` config option (#215)
apollographql/embeddable-explorer: .changeset/brown-flowers-listen.md

---
'@apollo/explorer': major
'@apollo/sandbox': major
---

> This major release affects how we send cookies to your embedded Sandbox and embedded Explorer. Previously, when a user passed the `includeCookies` config option we would set cookies on the default `fetch` request. However, when working in sandbox or explorer in Studio we let users set `includeCookies` in their connection settings. This change deprecates the old `includeCookies` option and passes the `includeCookies` value set in explorer to your embedded Explorer or embedded Sandbox. In embedded Sandbox, you can configure this feature with `initialState.includeCookies`, and can show/hide the connection settings toggle with `hideCookieToggle`. This change is backwards compatible and will keep the same functionality of the deprecated `includeCookies` option if you would like to keep using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This major release affects how we send cookies to your embedded Sandbox and embedded Explorer. Previously, when a user passed the `includeCookies` config option we would set cookies on the default `fetch` request. However, when working in Sandbox or Explorer in Studio we let users set `includeCookies` in their connection settings. This change deprecates the old `includeCookies` option and passes the `includeCookies` value set in Explorer to your embedded Explorer or embedded Sandbox. In embedded Sandbox, you can configure whether cookies are initially on or off for your users on first load with the new config option `initialState.includeCookies`. You can decide to show or hide the connection settings toggle for your users with the config option `hideCookieToggle`. This change is backwards compatible, so if you are using the deprecated `includeCookies` config option, that overrides all other config options & your Studio settings.
```
